Adding caisy as cms to the docs (#3749)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/cms/caisy.mdx

---
title: Caisy & Astro
description: Add content to your Astro project using Caisy as a CMS
type: cms
service: Caisy
i18nReady: true
stub: true
---

[Caisy](https://caisy.io/) is a headless CMS that exposes a GraphQL API to access content.

## Using Caisy CMS with Astro

> A data fetching example using `graphql-request` and Caisy's rich text renderer for Astro.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `graphql-request` and Caisy's rich text renderer for Astro to fetch your CMS data and display your content on an Astro page:
```
